Governance: add working group governance and working group template (#21)
tikv/community: committee/wg-governance/working-group-template.md

> # xyz Working Group(Working Group README Template)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# xyz Working Group (Working Group README Template)
```

> Describe the goal of the working group, please ensure that the goal are measurable and deliverable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe the goal of the working group. Please ensure that the goals are measurable and deliverable.
```

## Stakeholder SIGs

> List the SIGs who have stake holders with this Working Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List the stakeholder SIGs of this Working Group.
```

> ## Meetings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Meetings

```

* Regular WG Meeting: [Mondays at 13:00 PT (Pacific Time)] (bi-weekly). [Convert to your timezone](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=13:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).

>     * Link your meeting notes here.(Google Doc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Link your meeting notes here. (Google Doc)
```

## Organizers

* Wink Yao (**[@winkyao](https://github.com/winkyao)**), PingCAP

> ## Contact

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Contact
```

- Slack: [#xyz-wg](https://tikv-wg.slack.com/messages/xyz-wg)
- [Open Community Issues/PRs](https://github.com/tikv/community/labels/wg%2Fxyz-wg)

## Published Documents

> Put the published docs of this Working Group here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put the published documents of this Working Group here.
```

### RFC/Proposal

> Link your working group RFC/Proposal here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Link your Working Group RFC/Proposal here.
```
